It was just a joke.
Next I reannounce
The real winner is Ms. Xia Zhu
Yeah!
I know what
I thought as long as I did my journalism well
What should come will always come
I didn't expect to encounter this situation today.
Governor, thank you
Who should you thank?
It wasn't me.
Why did the Governor say this?
Someone called me
Said someone would embarrass you tonight
He came in person
I'm afraid you won't appreciate it.
So?
Call me and let me come and support you
Xi Shao, let the governor come forward
Presumably the matter should have been completely resolved
Won't you go in and have a look?
Forget it, let's go
Stop
You look beautiful today.
Congratulations, thank Hancheng
I've already rejected you like that
Why are you secretly helping me?
I am because
You want to make up for it
No, it's because I like you.
Do you know what you're saying?
Of course I know.
What is this little pig
I love you and I have missed you for 5 years
I don't want to miss it anymore
Can you give me a chance?
I promise I won't let you be wronged again
So many people are watching
You get up first, you promise me to get up
I I
I promise you.
Ah!
Hahahahahaha